Document default 75% value for GCHeapHardLimitPercent in container environments (#50280)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/runtime-config/garbage-collector.md

Reviewer: I'm actually not sure this is correct. If this were true, then setting GCHeapHardLimitPercent to, say, 90% inside of a container would be equal to .75 * .9 * x = .675x, but it's actually .9x. I think we should instead note that inside a container the GCHeaphardLimitPercent has a different default value (and point to that section)

### Heap hard limit percent

> - Specifies the heap hard limit as a percentage of the total physical memory. If the process is running in a memory-constrained environment, that is, inside a container with a specified memory limit, the container limit is considered the total physical memory. If in a memory-constrained environment, the default value is 75%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies the heap hard limit as a percentage of total physical memory.
- If the process runs inside an environment (e.g., a container) with a set memory limit, that limit is treated as the total physical memory. In such environments, the default value is 75%.
```
